hi so the Mission Impossible series is
that one franchise that has Benjamin
buttons disease Tom gets older the
stunts get bigger there's more
installments yet it seems to keep using
less and less CGI like damn if you keep
surviving these real stunts
maybe maybe Scientology Israel so as
we've been doing with these franchise
recaps we're gonna break down all five
films leading up to number six which I
highly recommend checking out an IMAX
not not just because of the stunts but
so you can capture every single detail
off this beautiful non CGI mustache and
it's that sweet connection that makes me
proud to be working with Dollar Shave
Club on this specific video recap you
know we all know Henry had to keep his
beautiful stache for the filming of last
year's greatest blockbuster but that
didn't mean he couldn't use a bunch of
other dollar shave club products even me
I may be a cartoon but you can't get
this silky smooth clear complexion with
random CGI it takes work and fallowe
Shave Club has this daily essential
starter set that makes it easy even if
you're a newbie who's never taking a
shower for five dollars you don't just
support our cartoonish lifestyle but if
you're a new member they're gonna give
you this trial pack that includes their
executive razor with a full cartridge
their silky smooth shave butter that's
so soft I've bathed in it Body Wash is
gonna keep you fresh but what I consider
to be the best one of all of them is
their one wipe Charlie butt wipes see if
someone took a Dookie on your kitchen
table you're not just gonna clean that
up with a bounty picker-upper and call
it a day you'd be a savage so why are
you doing that to your booty toilet
papers been cool for the longest time
right but I'm being 100% serious when I
say that the one wipe Charlies will
literally change the game for you yeah a
bunch of other products that I don't
even know that they were making but
specifically it's that five-buck thing
for the newcomers the starter set with
the cartridge replacements that they
easily continued to send you monthly for
just a few bucks so if you care for your
booty you want to support LME and you
want to join the Dollar Shave Club to
look as dashing as henry cavill click
the link down below at
dollarshaveclub.com slash ellamy and i
swear you'll be tweeting at me when
those Charlie wipes change your life or
when you witness the second greatest
mustache in cinema history let me
explain so in the first Ethan Hunt and
his team are out on a mission where he's
dressed like Daniel day-lewis and
phantom thread and this man is so set on
getting the job done that even when his
bow
tells him that he needs to abort the
mission the boy goes impossible I spell
that I'm possible and he books I
[Music]
actually had no idea that it mean do
Estevez was in this franchise and I was
I was wondering why it was oh oh he's
dead pretty much his whole team dies
because he didn't listen jon voight dies
Kristin Scott Thomas died so she can go
get nominated for Oscar but then the big
twist that we get is at that entire
mission where his team guys was actually
a setup by Ethan's own superiors because
they were scoping out a molt homie is so
peeved
he throws a piece of the explosive gum
and becomes a rogue agent Howard fails
to shoot I've come now Ethan's on the
hunt using his high tech i9 typing in
the words internet access in order to
find out who the actual mole is and try
to redeem his team turns out that his
partner Lana Rhodes over here didn't
actually die during the mission so the
both of them come together they see got
some professionals in order to help them
get the data they need we had a couple
of Zack & Cody vent scenes and then of
course the most iconic scene from this
movie Tom's trying to do what every 90s
anti pirating DVD told you not to do but
right before he gets the list freaking
Master Splinter comes out of nowhere in
the vents and Leon unprofessionally
drops him disclose by the end it turns
out that jon voight also wasn't dead and
he was actually the mole the whole time
even worse
khaleesi 2.0 is actually his girl who
was trying to trick Ethan Vanessa see
you
[Music]
coming up on this episode of cheaters
but besides this ugly black panther
train sequence which the new Tom Cruise
would have performed for real it turns
out that the mission was possible and
the second one there's this dude pulling
at Dark Knight Rises or Dark Knight
Rises was inspired by this one since you
know they kind of did show the intro to
Dark Knight Rises before mi4 but it's
that bad guy who's using the face mask
this guy says Ethan Hunt so he can crash
a plank no one cared who I was till I
put on the mouse didn't get one of the
first stunts that caused all of Cruz's
producers to get a heart attack
rock climbing I love how they even built
them a set to do it and Tom Cruise was
like now put me out there in the desert
and they're like Tom Tom this is just
like the intro scene for us real fans we
do get to veterans in this one there's
Maeve who's like a cat woman like thief
but she actually really believes she has
nine lives they raise so hard Ethan has
to put a seatbelt on because they almost
died like just get a cup of coffee you
crazies Hopkins then ask Ethan to you
standing you in as bait to catch the bad
guy since she's the bad guys X but since
sandy already took time off for a cruise
they both kind of got a thing for each
other and things get a little weird bad
guy and this one wants to pull the plot
from Inferno or again maybe these movies
were ahead of their time he wants to
take this virus and wipe out a
percentage of the population and he gets
so close because he clearly read the
script and you everything Ethan was
gonna do he'll undoubtedly engage with
some robotic insanity before he'll risk
harming a hair on a security guards head
he knows and so well he wasn't even
making fun of Ethan Hunt and a certain
point he was making fun of Tom Cruise
running like an idiot every 15 minutes
but then you know he's gonna die because
he he said this life the grip on the
next cruise destroys all the viruses
except for the one that dandy injects in
herself which makes her worth millions
ironically they kidnap her Ethan goes
after her but then Ethan gets beat up
and he dies
just kidding is the whole mass thing
there's this crazy bike singing that we
get I'll fight on the beach and then and
this happens by the end of it dandy gets
the antivirus that cures her and they
both walk away into the sunset as I
realize that this mission again was
possible after the first movie had
director De Palma with his wild zoom in
the second one at John woos Prince Lake
obsession for doves
you know JJ's gonna sneak in some lens
flares when he got to do the third one
Ethan at this point is retired and he's
throwing a party in his new home with
his wife Michelle Monaghan
brother-in-law Aaron Paul and then he
gets this call we'd like to offer you an
all-expense-paid trip to Mexico oh so
that's what those calls are supposed to
be obviously Ethan is brought back into
the business because his protege ended
up getting kidnapped and she dies and
now he has to go find Philip Seymour
Hoffman while he physically reminds us
life short he also had a great fall
now I got to give a shout-out to Ethan's
main crew right Luther and Benji you
have been there since like the beginning
they're the oh geez they're practically
there in every movie just like those
damn 3d masks I'll be honest right
I may be 2d but every time they do one
of those mass reveals my drawn eyes roll
all the way to the back of my head like
I personally think that they're cop out
sometimes but I won't lie that they
actually have a bit in here where they
show you how they're created and it's
kind of cool
it starts out looking like Jack Black
playing Trump at first but it turns out
okay in my opinion the best action
sequence in this movie is the highway
soon it's almost as good as the bad boys
to scene mainly because of this super
iconic shots
my man straight out pulled out his back
probably fix his scoliosis if he had it
chiropractors everywhere watch this
scene like Neil deGrasse Tyson watching
interstellar with goose bumps on her
goosebumps I love it
anyways Philip Seymour Hoffman is the
bad guy looking for the MacGuffin known
as the rabbit's foot so he kidnaps
Ethan's wife and straight up shoots her
then it turns out it's not even his wife
dr. Manhattan over here is actually a
mole who's working for the agency it guy
just replaced her with an intern put a
mask on her because the intern was like
light or something Ethan learns
everything that's going on and he
realizes he still has time to go save
his wife and the world and makes a run
for it a really really really long run
for it
Ethan finds his wife teaches her to
shoot the bad guys before he has to
electrocute his brain because they put
an explosive in his head
I personally think this is some
Scientology ritual he put in the script
because he was getting a little too busy
but then Ethan starts fighting the
master and I swear it through the power
of love his wife transfers him some
strength and then oh my goodness he
beats him up like this they saved the
day grin away and again the mission was
possible mi4 is when I got really into
them like they got the director of
ratatouille doing an incredible job with
this one this was the movie that had
Sawyer in it for like five seconds and
had that super dope hallway Harry Potter
cloaking scene where they were trying to
sneak in and yet somehow out of all the
gadgets they've ever used in this
franchise this close changing one
actually had me pulling an Owen Wilson
and this one they're trying to stop a
missile from getting fire to San
Francisco so they get Paula Patton who
was Sawyer's partner to help Jeremy
Renner who's helping out because he
feels guilty for Ethan's wife dying she
and I y'all know she's just hiding in
his safe but this is also the movie with
the dupe I seen the one where this man
went outside of the tallest building in
the world and ro2 to himself
around the sides of it the entire
sequence is insane they end up going to
a party where they have to get the
launch device and look I don't make fun
of Renner all the time right because
he's Hawkeye but they have Renner
playing a magnet in this movie so he can
stop a fan and yeah he still did more
than Hawkeye in the end time has a whole
fight scene in a parking lot where he
tests this
five star safety rating to get down low
and then he belts out mission in Mission
Impossible five Tom Cruise's 52 years
old and I'm pretty sure it was his idea
to create an intro where he can just
hang out of the side of the plane just
cuz he wanted some fresh air ol point of
rogue nation is that they become the
rogue ones that are trying to take down
the syndicate who's like even more
undercover agents who don't want to play
by the rules like a Suicide Squad but
with more training without the Oscar
Ethan kills the second-in-command known
as the bone doctor gasses up Solomon
Lane who's a leader in order to Baron
Zemo him and lock him up and I hits it
off with Ilsa who's an undercover mi6
agent played by Rebecca Ferguson a
magnificent creation of grandeur this
mission was possible and they restored
the IMF so finally for now we got mi6
this movie has some wild scenes that
deserve its own video but in case you
want to know the gist of it I'm a cover
everything in this one just like I said
so that's the spoiler warning that's
been right there in case you want to go
see it definitely go watch it because he
completely loses his mind in this one so
there's this plutonium that's being kept
in these Nespresso pods that he needs to
get to but the only way to get them is
by freeing the dude he just caught in
the last movie and just like Star Wars
replaces Death Star's with bigger Death
Star's the IMF goes from fighting secret
agents it's a even secret er agents CIA
is also out trying to give them trouble
because they think the IMF just shops
for their supplies at Party City since
they're always wearing a mask
and Henry Cavill is the CIA agent who's
literally just there to give Ethan hell
and it turns out he's also the one
leading the apostles and is the bad guy
not Superman now you know that with
Ethan all of the missions are possible
right
this man will climb up a helicopter
he'll jump off a plane he'll break his
ankle and get back to filming in no time
because no matter what this dudes
practically playing Kim Possible - the
banana Club pants and he'll be doing
this till the day he dies
insane stunts yeah they'll be throwing
me out of their planes in my wheelchair
at that point so whatever it takes we'll
keep going thank you guys for checking
out this video a much longer recap video
because there is a lot to watch man I
picked up the thing I Best Buy I just
binge them all writing notes trying to
create this video for you guys hopefully
was a good recap for you again shout out
to Dollar Shave Club for helping out in
this video for sponsoring it thank you
guys for you know supporting these
videos just completely terms of this
franchise I personally love the fourth
one the most the force on the first I
think the first one also stands up still
to this day second is the weirdest one
best stunts it clearly is that sky one
like I said I got to make a whole nother
video just because of the stunts and
that wants to look out for that but
thank you again for watching definitely
click on the link down below if you want
to get that starter kit from the Dollar
Shave Club if you can't no worries just
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and ow done did